README.md, before:

# ViaVersion

[![Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ViaVersion/ViaVersion)](https://viaversion.com)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/ViaVersion/ViaVersion/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/ViaVersion/ViaVersion/actions)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on%20discord-blue.svg)](https://viaversion.com/discord)

**Allows the connection of higher client versions to lower server versions -
it works on any platform you can think of.**

The base ViaVersion jar runs on Paper and Velocity. We also have projects integrating ViaVersion to run
on Fabric, Forge, Bungee, Sponge, or as a standalone proxy to join from basically any client version on
any server version from the past decade. **See [HERE](https://viaversion.com) for an overview of the different Via\* projects.**

Note that ViaVersion will be able to **run best on either Paper servers or through [ViaFabricPlus](https://github.com/ViaVersion/ViaFabricPlus?tab=readme-ov-file#viafabricplus)** due to having
direct access to client/server state and more extensive API.

Supported Versions:

![Table (https://i.imgur.com/zrQTcf0.png)](https://i.imgur.com/zrQTcf0.png)

**User Docs:** https://docs.viaversion.com/display/VIAVERSION/

Releases/Dev Builds
--------
You can find official releases in the following places:

- **Hangar (for our plugins)**: https://hangar.papermc.io/ViaVersion/ViaVersion
- **Modrinth (for our mods)**: https://modrinth.com/mod/viaversion
- **GitHub**: https://github.com/ViaVersion/ViaVersion/releases

Dev builds for **all** of our projects are on our Jenkins server:

- **Jenkins**: https://ci.viaversion.com

ViaVersion as a Dependency
----------

**JavaDocs:** https://jd.viaversion.com

**Maven:**

```xml
<repository>
    <id>viaversion-repo</id>
    <url>https://repo.viaversion.com</url>
</repository>
```

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.viaversion</groupId>
    <artifactId>viaversion-api</artifactId>
    <version>[5.0.0,6.0.0)</version>
    <scope>provided</scope>
</dependency>
```

**Gradle:**

```kotlin
repositories {
    maven("https://repo.viaversion.com")
}

dependencies {
    compileOnly("com.viaversion:viaversion-api:VERSION") // Replace the version
}
```

If you need access to the existing protocol or platform implementations, use the parent artifact `viaversion`.
Please note the [differences in licensing](#license).

Note: If you want to make your own platform implementation of ViaVersion (and additional addons),
you can use the [ViaLoader](https://github.com/ViaVersion/ViaLoader) project.

Building
--------
After cloning this repository, build the project with Gradle by running `./gradlew build` and take the created jar out
of the `build/libs` directory.

You need JDK 17 or newer to build ViaVersion.


Mapping Files
--------------
Mapping files are generated and managed in our [Mappings repository](https://github.com/ViaVersion/Mappings). The generated mapping output is stored [here](./common/src/main/resources/assets/viaversion).


Resources
--------

- **[Via Mappings Generator](https://github.com/ViaVersion/Mappings)**
- **[Mojang mappings](https://minecraft.wiki/w/Obfuscation_map)** (Thank you, Mojang, very cool)
- **[wiki.vg](https://wiki.vg)** (Used for historic information regarding packet structure, we also contribute back)
- **[Burger](https://github.com/Pokechu22/Burger)** (See [PAaaS](https://github.com/Matsv/Paaas))

License
--------
The entirety of the [API directory](api) is licensed under the MIT License;
see [licenses/MIT.md](licenses/MIT.md) for
details.

Everything else, unless explicitly stated otherwise, is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3, including the
end-product as a whole; see [licenses/GPL.md](licenses/GPL.md) for details.

Special thanks to all our [Contributors](https://github.com/ViaVersion/ViaVersion/graphs/contributors).

Commit message:

Updated README and code cleanup
- Added warning information about personal development branches in README.md to clarify the purpose of the branch and remind users not to use build attachments or Releases directly.
- Updated the resources section in README, adding new links and improving the classification of existing links.
- Modified the import statement in EventXHandler.java to add missing class imports to fix potential compilation errors.

README.md, after:

# ViaVersion

> [!WARNING]  
> This branch is intended solely for personal development builds and support. Please do not use the attached builds directly. The author assumes no responsibility for any issues that may arise.
> 本分支仅用于个人开发的构建和支持，请勿直接使用构建附件或 Releases 。如果您遇到任何问题，作者不承担任何责任。

**Allows the connection of higher client versions to lower server versions -
it works on any platform you can think of.**

The base ViaVersion jar runs on Paper and Velocity. We also have projects integrating ViaVersion to run
on Fabric, Forge, Bungee, Sponge, or as a standalone proxy to join from basically any client version on
any server version from the past decade. **See [HERE](https://viaversion.com) for an overview of the different Via\* projects.**

Note that ViaVersion will be able to **run best on either Paper servers or through [ViaFabricPlus](https://github.com/ViaVersion/ViaFabricPlus?tab=readme-ov-file#viafabricplus)** due to having
direct access to client/server state and more extensive API.

Supported Versions:

![Table (https://i.imgur.com/zrQTcf0.png)](https://i.imgur.com/zrQTcf0.png)

**User Docs:** https://docs.viaversion.com/display/VIAVERSION/

## Releases/Dev Builds

You can find official releases in the following places:

-   **Hangar (for our plugins)**: https://hangar.papermc.io/ViaVersion/ViaVersion
-   **Modrinth (for our mods)**: https://modrinth.com/mod/viaversion
-   **GitHub**: https://github.com/ViaVersion/ViaVersion/releases

Dev builds for **all** of our projects are on our Jenkins server:

-   **Jenkins**: https://ci.viaversion.com

## ViaVersion as a Dependency

**JavaDocs:** https://jd.viaversion.com

**Maven:**

```xml
<repository>
    <id>viaversion-repo</id>
    <url>https://repo.viaversion.com</url>
</repository>
```

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.viaversion</groupId>
    <artifactId>viaversion-api</artifactId>
    <version>[5.0.0,6.0.0)</version>
    <scope>provided</scope>
</dependency>
```

**Gradle:**

```kotlin
repositories {
    maven("https://repo.viaversion.com")
}

dependencies {
    compileOnly("com.viaversion:viaversion-api:VERSION") // Replace the version
}
```

If you need access to the existing protocol or platform implementations, use the parent artifact `viaversion`.
Please note the [differences in licensing](#license).

Note: If you want to make your own platform implementation of ViaVersion (and additional addons),
you can use the [ViaLoader](https://github.com/ViaVersion/ViaLoader) project.

## Building

After cloning this repository, build the project with Gradle by running `./gradlew build` and take the created jar out
of the `build/libs` directory.

You need JDK 17 or newer to build ViaVersion.

## Mapping Files

Mapping files are generated and managed in our [Mappings repository](https://github.com/ViaVersion/Mappings). The generated mapping output is stored [here](./common/src/main/resources/assets/viaversion).

## Resources

-   **[Via Mappings Generator](https://github.com/ViaVersion/Mappings)**
-   **[Mojang mappings](https://minecraft.wiki/w/Obfuscation_map)** (Thank you, Mojang, very cool)
-   **[wiki.vg](https://wiki.vg)** (Used for historic information regarding packet structure, we also contribute back)
-   **[Burger](https://github.com/Pokechu22/Burger)** (See [PAaaS](https://github.com/Matsv/Paaas))

## License

The entirety of the [API directory](api) is licensed under the MIT License;
see [licenses/MIT.md](licenses/MIT.md) for
details.

Everything else, unless explicitly stated otherwise, is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3, including the
end-product as a whole; see [licenses/GPL.md](licenses/GPL.md) for details.

Special thanks to all our [Contributors](https://github.com/ViaVersion/ViaVersion/graphs/contributors).
